Update billing.md (#1565)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/billing.md

You also have the option to link your Hugging Face organization to your AWS account via [AWS Marketplace](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-n6vsyhdjkfng2).
Hugging Face compute service usage will then be included in your AWS bill. Read more in our [blog post](https://huggingface.co/blog/aws-marketplace).

## Support FAQ 

> **Q.  Why did I get charged $10 when I added my credit card? When will I get this back?**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Q. Why did I get charged $10 when I added my credit card? When will I get this back?**
```
(ultra nit)

**Q. I need to update my credit card in my account. What to do?**

A. Head to https://huggingface.co/settings/billing/payment and update your payment method at anytime. 

**Q. Oh no! My payment failed, what do I do to avoid a service interruption?**

A. You can pay your bill with another payment method by clicking on the “pay online” link in the unpaid invoice. Click on the “End-of-period Invoice” link under that month’s “Payments & Invoices” and you’ll be able to pay online. You can also update your credit card at https://huggingface.co/settings/billing/payment.

**Subscriptions**

**Q. I need to pause my PRO subscription for a bit, where can I do this?**

A. You can cancel your subscription at anytime here: https://huggingface.co/settings/billing/subscription. Drop us a line at billing@huggingface.co with your feedback.

**Q. My org has an Enterprise Hub subscription and I need to update the number of seats. How can I do this?**

> A. If you’re subscribed monthly, each month it will automatically renew and update based on the current number of members in the organization at the time of monthly renewal. If you’ve subscribed annually, it will automatically renew and update based on the current number of members in the organization at the time of the yearly renewal. There’s no need to update the subscribed number of seats during the month; year as it’s a flat fee subscription.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A. The number of seats will automatically be adjusted at the time of the subscription renewal to reflect any increases in the number of members in the organization during the previous period. There’s no need to update the subscribed number of seats during the month or year as it’s a flat fee subscription.
```
a bit simpler and more accurate I think
